Assessment taken by user: Dara Mouracade 
In workspace / program: Bloom's Workspace
Description: Our main Bloom team internal workspace. Let's rock and roll and have amazing impact! 🤘🏽🌻🎉
Assessment taken: 2023-02-09
Dara Mouracade  selected this as an priority category to develop: 🎯 Strategy
Dara Mouracade 's average scores for assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace.
You will see them as category, emoji representing the category : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Category: 🎯 Strategy: 1.83/4
Category: 🧑🏽‍⚖️ Legal & Compliance: 2/4
Category: 📲 Products and Services: 2.33/4
Category: 🤝 Community Engagement & Communication: 2/4
Category: 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Team, Leadership, Staff & Volunteers: 2.63/4
Category: 💶 Revenues, Financial Management & Sustainability: 1.77/4
Category: ⚠️ Infrastructure, Risk, Security & Resilience: 1.4/4
Category: 👨‍🏫 Innovation & Learning: 2.57/4
Category: 🫶🏽 Corporate Social Responsibility: 2/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 🎯 Strategy taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we clearly and comprehensively understand our customers' and stakeholders' values and needs, and have we prioritized them?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are our products and services well-defined with a clear value proposition that is fully aligned with our mission and goals?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are our products and services offerings linked to one another and our overall strategy?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Does our shareholder structure support organizational growth?. Answer: NA/4
Question: Are our employees appropriately incentivized and represented through shared rewards and governance structures? (Such as employee stock option plan, profit-sharing plan, cooperative structure, inclusive decision-making structure, or otherwise.). Answer: NA/4
Question: Do our board members demonstrate a commitment to the organization's mission and vision and represent a range of fields and areas of expertise relevant to the organization? (High-profile board members would be great.). Answer: NA/4
Question: Does each strategic goal include 1-3 specific metrics by which the organization can regularly track progress in achieving the goals?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Are our shareholders strategic and active?. Answer: NA/4
Question: Do we have a clear, inspiring, and achievable mission, vision, and values?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we have concrete operational plans that are linked to our strategic plan and do we apply them systematically?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Does the board have a proven track record of investing financially in the organization?. Answer: NA/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 🧑🏽‍⚖️ Legal & Compliance taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we have a solid understanding of relevant regulatory requirements and standards?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Are we fully prepared and equipped with the necessary expertise and resources to avoid legal issues?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Do we have a clearly developed intellectual property strategy with registered and upcoming trademarks, copyrights, and/or patents?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Do we strategically leverage regulatory requirements and relevant standards to benefit our organization?. Answer: 0/4
Question: Do we have the capacity to, and in practice, do we address potential legal matters promptly?. Answer: 3/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 📲 Products and Services taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we collect and interpret customer/client feedback effectively and promptly?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do our timelines and budgets have a solid track record of being accurate with only average amounts of iteration?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do all offerings have an adequate number of dedicated staff?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we clearly understand our competitive advantage(s) and strategically leverage each of them?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Are our products and services well-planned, including detailed and iterative timelines, budgets, and scenario plans that address real execution risks?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Do we comprehensively understand our core markets, and are we strategically positioned in each of them?. Answer: 2/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 🤝 Community Engagement & Communication taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do our communications carry consistent and powerful messages?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we have a regularly updated communication strategy that guides execution plans in our organization?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we know who our key stakeholders are and what they value?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we customize communications to each of our key stakeholders?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Can our community and communication efforts support strong partnerships/supplier relationships?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we regularly identify and deliver new partners for community/communications opportunities?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Is our website continuously maintained and up-to-date on current developments in the organization as well as its industry/domain (as relevant)?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we receive praise for our website's user-friendliness and depth of information?. Answer: 2/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Team, Leadership, Staff & Volunteers taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Are most of our staff eager and able to take on special projects and collaborate across divisional lines?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Is our staff drawn from diverse backgrounds and experiences and brings a broad range of skills?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do our reporting structures represent the reality of the operations?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Does our CEO/ED take an active interest in managerial development?. Answer: 4/4
Question: Is our organizational chart clear with defined roles?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Do we have comprehensive variable compensation plans strategically developed for different teams?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we have relevant, regular, and standardized processes that are followed for internal and external training, job rotation, coaching, feedback, and performance reviews?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are our needs and gaps addressed through existing staff with adequate skill sets or through efficient hiring, training, or reassignment?. Answer: 2/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 💶 Revenues, Financial Management & Sustainability taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we have highly reliable and diverse financing sources with a long-term commitment to the organization?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Do we regularly monitor our performance-to-budget with relevant staff?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we have a comprehensive understanding of cost drivers and their sensitivities, and a clear cost management strategy?. Answer: 0/4
Question: Are our accounting and operations systems aligned and efficient?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Is our financial plan/budget integrated into the entire operation?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we prioritize and fully fund our board and staff's financial training?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we have an incentive system for achieving the sales targets?. Answer: NA/4
Question: Do we have a solid understanding of accounting and fiscal requirements?. Answer: 4/4
Question: Do we have a well-developed and effective sales forecasting process?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Is our organization sufficiently insulated from potential market instabilities?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are our revenue-generating activities aligned with the core mission and strategy of the organization?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Do we have a clear sales strategy with regular metrics and reporting?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Is there a solid financial plan and performance indicators that the executive management and board monitoring?. Answer: 1/4
Question: Is there a clear separation between the organization's financial resources and the founders' personal funds?. Answer: 2/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: ⚠️ Infrastructure, Risk, Security & Resilience taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we have a well-developed contingency plan that's ready to launch when/if needed?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Is the IT infrastructure adequate, and does it support the organization's short, mid and long-term needs?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Do we have a comprehensive electronic database and management reporting system(s) for tracking clients, staff, organization outcomes, and financial information?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Is everyone on the staff aware of the importance of information security, offered training on best practices, and monitored/held accountable to ensure adequate compliance?. Answer: 0/4
Question: Do we have the necessary information security structures in place and maintained to protect the systems at the organization?. Answer: 0/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 👨‍🏫 Innovation & Learning taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we use open-source methods to build off existing models?. Answer: 4/4
Question: Do we actively encourage and provide the safety and resources to drive experimentation and learning? Ex: Organization provides space, time, resources for learning, sabbaticals, etc.. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are most of our staff committed to continuous learning?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Are we capable and motivated to innovate, adjust or create new products, services, or programs to meet the needs of key clients or high-potential new market segments or geographies?. Answer: 3/4
Question: Are we seen as an innovation leader in our field and occasionally invited to speak at relevant conferences?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do our employees source ideas and experiment rigorously to uncover new insights and learnings that are rapidly incorporated and adapt to new solutions as uncovered?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we actively track current trends, read news and blogs, read industry-standard books, and occasionally participate in conferences relevant to the industry?. Answer: 3/4
Dara Mouracade 's scores for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 and this category: 🫶🏽 Corporate Social Responsibility taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and answer : and then the number on average/the maximum score possible
Question: Do we report on, and have set accountabilities for, our social responsibility performance?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Have we set compelling impact/sustainability targets and goals as an organization?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Do we align our social responsibility practices and reporting with international standards?. Answer: 2/4
Question: Is our impact/sustainability reporting integrated with our financial reporting?. Answer: NA/4
Dara Mouracade 's written answers for this assessment: Enterprise Capacities V1.1 taken in workspace: Bloom's Workspace
You will see them question: and then their answer, this is important because they wrote it out:
Question: Does our shareholder structure support organizational growth?
Answer: NA
Question: Are our employees appropriately incentivized and represented through shared rewards and governance structures? (Such as employee stock option plan, profit-sharing plan, cooperative structure, inclusive decision-making structure, or otherwise.)
Answer: NA
Question: Do our board members demonstrate a commitment to the organization's mission and vision and represent a range of fields and areas of expertise relevant to the organization? (High-profile board members would be great.)
Answer: NA
Question: Are our shareholders strategic and active?
Answer: NA
Question: Does the board have a proven track record of investing financially in the organization?
Answer: NA
Question: Do we have an incentive system for achieving the sales targets?
Answer: NA
Question: Is our impact/sustainability reporting integrated with our financial reporting?
Answer: NA
